# Pizza Shop DB
Designing &amp; Implementing a DataBase for a mom-and-pop pizza shop

For this project we are looking at helping a “Mom and Pop” Pizza Shop that delivers pizza to their customers. This specific pizza shop only does deliveries to their customers and  does not do any pickup orders through their shop. At this point in time the pizza shop currently only takes orders over the phone and writes down the order information on a piece of paper with no uniform routine. To help streamline this business's delivery system we decided to create an app for them that will allow customers to order pizza directly from the app and the pizza shop to receive the orders. As well as giving the pizza shop the ability to record their phone orders in the database to store the information neatly and create a more improved database system. This will make the  operation more convenient for the customers as well as more efficient for the pizza shop owners. The customers of the pizza shop will then have the option either to order the pizza over the phone as one would currently do or to use the app that we would provide. This will allow the pizza shop to receive more customers based on the convenience of their service but also the pizza shop will be able to receive analytics based on their orders. Giving the pizza shop a better understanding of their overall business and giving them the ability to tailor their business to better satisfy the customers’ wants and needs. Ultimately, the pizza shop will be able to maximize their delivery process through an orderly system.

Project implemented using SQL : https://github.com/saldanha-deepak/pizzashopDB/blob/main/pizzashopDB_withquery.sql
